detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a drama thriller film called
fear spoilers ahead watch out and take
care
in seattle 16 year old nicole walker
lives with her dad
steven stepmom laura and stepbrother
toby
like a typical teenager nicole
occasionally butts heads with her father
especially when steven voices his
opinion on how she dresses
at work steven talks to his colleague
about a problem that needs taking care
of
from school nicole goes with her friends
margot and gary
to a bar and eat as margo's attention
shifts to the guy playing billiards
nicole sees the handsome and charismatic
david playing with him
after getting their order nicole takes
one last look at david before leaving
with her friends
as nicole and margo relax by the pool at
margot's house they talk about dating
and margot invites her to a party sadly
nicole turns down her invitation since
she has to attend a james taylor concert
with her family
margo's mom then informs the girls that
steven has just arrived to pick up
nicole and the girls say goodbye to each
other
when nicole and steven get home nicole
helps laura prepare their food
while steven talks to his office mate on
the phone asking if they could have
their meeting through a conference call
after talking to his co-worker stephen
tells his family that he can't come to
the concert because he needs to go to
vancouver
this turns into an argument as a
disappointed laura tells steven off
saying that he should keep his word to
his family since going to the concert
was his idea
upset nicole walks out and goes to her
room while stephen lets out his anger by
hitting the cupboard nicole immediately
calls margo to inform her that she's
coming with her to the party
that night nicole and margo attend the
party where they see the guy that margot
likes from the bar
marco wants them to say hi to him but
nicole refuses and just watches her
friend approach him
while nicole stands there david walks up
to her and engages her in small talk
suddenly a fight ensues at the party and
everyone starts running in different
directions
david makes sure to protect nicole while
he's getting her out of there as they
move
he calls his friend logan to follow them
david brings nicole to the rooftop where
they take the fire exit ladder to escape
david goes down first and when nicole
descends the ladder the door to the
rooftop
bursts open and income the people from
the party including margot and logan who
are now holding hands nicole calls her
friend but margot only waves at her and
says she'll see her later
nicole then continues her way down the
ladder where david waits for her at the
landing
david takes nicole to a quiet spot
overlooking the city and nicole starts
talking about her mom
she used to stay with her mom at a big
house in l.a when she was just nine
years old while her dad moved up to
seattle
nicole says her mom was sad most of the
time and she felt like she's the one
taking care of her instead of the other
way around
david sympathizes with her and when he
asks if she gets along well with her dad
nicole replies that she isn't sure since
she only moved up there about a year ago
when it's nicole's turn to ask david
anything about himself david starts
telling her about his parents
saying he doesn't live with them but
they talk all the time as david talks
about his folks
nicole stares at him and david asks her
what she's thinking nicole admits that
david isn't what she expected him to be
when she first saw him even calling him
sweet
david then tells her that she's
beautiful and asks if she has any flaws
so he can believe that she's real
flattered nicole quips at her curfews at
midnight and she needs to get home
but instead of taking her home david
reaches for her hand and adjusts the
time in her watch
setting it back more than a couple of
minutes with that david kisses nicole
passionately and when she kisses him
back
david starts touching her nicole gently
pushes him back
apologizing and saying he's found her
flaw but david disagrees with her
he says that it's not a flaw but another
thing for him to admire and respect
at home laura gets mad at nicole for
violating her curfew but nicole explains
that her watch broke
instead of arguing with her laura tells
nicole to go to bed and remove her
makeup
commenting that she looks like a harlot
once steven is back from his trip he
talks to nicole and asks why she went
home past her curfew
he asks her who's the guy she was with
and she says he's just a guy she met
when steven starts insisting that he
should meet david nicole replies that
she isn't even sure if she'll see him
again
for her punishment stephen gives her
kitchen duty and yard work for two weeks
and nicole accepts it as she leaves
stephen also reminds her to apologize to
laura but nicole only gets irritated and
retorts that she'll only say sorry to
her if laura apologizes for calling her
a harlot
in their room laura tells steven that
he's too easy on nicole and he should
ground her
she thinks that he's giving nicole
everything she wants like he's forever
trying to make it up to her
however steven is unhappy with laura's
choice of words when she talked to
nicole and laura admits that she made a
mistake
at school david picks up nicole and
takes her to play billiards
it's clear that nicole is deeply smitten
with david so when he tells her that he
wants to meet her family
nicole quickly agrees she introduces
david to her father who asks if he's not
in school with nicole
david says he might try uw in the fall
adding that he's still exploring his
options
as they talk laura arrives and asks
nicole for help in the garden but nicole
says she needs to get changed
david polightly steps in and offers to
help laura toby who has immediately
taken a liking to david
asks if he could join them with all eyes
on her laura accepts david's offer
with david even teaching laura some
gardening techniques nicole and margo
couldn't help but feel impressed
after working in the garden david asks
laura where he can wash up
and steven points him to the bathroom as
david cleans himself
margot asks steven to come with him to
the amusement park but he only chuckles
in response
david then calls out to nicole and
casually orders her to get him a coke
getting steven's attention
as margo convinces steven to join them
she intentionally bends down to fix her
shoes
almost exposing her backside to nicole's
father stephen catches david watching
him as he stares at margot
making him feel guilty and uncomfortable
nicole then gives david the coke and he
tells her that they still need to pick
up logan
nicole leaves to get her stuff with
margot following her and as soon as
steven and david have the room for
themselves
stephen reminds him that nicole's curfew
is at midnight david says he understands
but as soon as steven turns his back on
him david adjusts the time in his clock
backward before leaving
from the monitor steven sees david
helping nicole into his car by putting
his hands on her bottom
making steven uneasy while at the
amusement park nicole and david can't
keep their hands off each other
they continue to have a good time and as
nicole looks at margot and logan she
feels uncomfortable seeing them kiss
back at home steven misses his deadline
for work not knowing that david has
adjusted his clock
he then tells laura that he needs to go
back to vancouver and he even invites
her to join him which she accepts
while steven and laura prepare to leave
for vancouver laura makes sure that
nicole and toby have a hotel number and
reminds them to take care of each other
before leaving
stephen also reminds nicole not to let
anyone in their house later that day
nicole calls david and informs him that
her parents are out of town
but david tells her that he's promised
his friends he'd help them out with
something
hearing the disappointment in nicole's
voice david asks her if he could come to
her house afterwards and nicole says yes
she then gives him their home security
code adding that she'll wait for him
as david goes into the walker's house
that night he quietly wanders around the
house and takes a look at nicole's
family photograph
next he goes to nicole's bedroom where
he finds her sleeping
then opens her jewelry box to examine
its contents he looks at nicole
then gently removes her blanket
revealing that she's only wearing her
undergarments
when nicole opens her eyes she sees
david naked standing over her
with david sitting beside nicole he
removes what little clothing she is on
and starts kissing her
unable to stop herself nicole returns
his kiss and as they make love for the
first time
david tells nicole that he loves her the
following day david arrives at nicole's
school to pick her up and he sees nicole
and gary hugging as they say goodbye to
each other
david gets jealous and without thinking
he attacks gary repeatedly hitting him
even though he's already down
nicole tries to stop him but she ends up
getting hurt in the process
realizing that nicole is screaming and
crying david asks her to come with him
but nicole snaps at him to leave her
alone
at home when nicole finishes taking a
shower she realizes that david
accidentally gave her a black eye
laura suddenly knocks on the door and
asks if she can come in and when she
does
she asked nicole what happened to her
face nicole lies about getting hurt
during their volleyball practice
and believing her laura covers her
bruise with makeup downstairs
nicole tries not to look directly at her
dad afraid of what he might say
once nicole is gone steven asks laura
what's that about and laura tells him
what nicole told her
adding that she gave nicole a little
makeup lesson as nicole and gary walk in
the school quarter
they talk about how david attacked gary
unbeknownst to the two
david is behind them listening after
nicole's class she goes to her locker
and finds a note from david
asking for forgiveness and begging her
to meet him at the bar where they first
saw each other
david waits at the bar for nicole and
when she doesn't show up he gets very
frustrated
at home nicole receives flowers from
david which she immediately throws away
laura just looks at nicole waiting for
her stepdaughter to tell her what
happened but nicole just keeps quiet
that night laura and steve here nicole
sobbing and when laura decides to check
on her
she asked nicole if the flowers were
from him nicole says yes then recounts
to laura how david suddenly changed and
beat up gary
hearing his daughter's story from the
doorway stephen gets in nicole's room
and asks her if david was responsible
for her black eye
crying nicole says she's already told
them how she got her black eye
and while she sobs into laura's arms
laura tells her husband to let her
handle nicole
as steven is about to leave laura asks
him to toss her the kleenex
steven accidentally drops it and when he
bends down to pick it up he finds a
contraceptive rapper on the floor
instead of confronting nicole about it
he tells her that no matter what he's
done in the past that she didn't like
it isn't a good enough reason for her to
mess up her whole life confused
nicole replies that she doesn't know
what he's talking about and steven says
that's what worries
him nicole then asserts that not every
move she makes has to do with him
however steven disagrees with nicole and
tells her that as long as she lives
under his roof
she will follow all his rules steven
then states there's something wrong with
david adding that he's not a good guy
upset nicole tells her dad that no
matter what happens it will be between
them
after talking to nicole laura asks her
husband what he meant back in nicole's
room
steven then shows her the contraceptive
wrapper then claims that he knows david
hit nicole
outside nicole gets the envelope that
she threw away with the flowers and
finds her picture with david inside
the next day nicole tells margo about
what happened saying david didn't mean
to hit her
as they talk logan and his friends
suddenly show up and before david could
talk to her nicole leaves
david catches up to nicole as she drives
away asking if she could give him a
minute
david explains himself claiming that he
didn't know that it was gary who was
hugging her and that all he saw was some
guy with his hands all over her
he says he'd do anything to protect her
and that he would kill anyone who tries
to hurt her
david apologizes for what happened to
gary then promises her that it will
never happen again
nicole believes him when stephen gets
home from work he is surprised to see
david in his house
david is by the pool with nicole laura
and toby and they're playing around
while having a good laugh
steven even sees david pushing nicole
and laura into the pool which confuses
him when laura gets out of the pool
steven asks her why david is there and
she asks him if he'd rather nicole lied
and snuck off to see david
speechless stephen can only watch as
david kisses nicole in front of him
later on steven does some digging on
david and finds out that he's lied to
nicole about his parents
stephen calls laura to tell her about
his discovery it turns out that growing
up
david was actually transferred from one
foster home to another then into an
institution until he was kicked out upon
turning 18.
unimpressed by steven's findings laura
tells him that david probably lied to
nicole just to impress her since he must
be embarrassed about being an orphan
however stephen is having none of it in
retorts that david is giving him the
creeps
still determined to keep david away from
his daughter steven goes to nicole's
school knowing that david will show up
to pick her up
once david arrives stephen tells him
that they need to talk and ask david to
follow him around the corner
david follows him and stephen directly
orders him to stop seeing nicole
pissed david tries to turn the tables on
stephen by piling on his shortcomings
david says he knows steven left nicole
when she needed him the most and that
things are falling apart
for him at work as he continues using
profanities david even insults steven's
virility
announcing that he isn't keeping up his
end of the bargain with his wife aghast
stephen threatens to hurt david if he
doesn't disappear from his family's life
while poking david's chest with his
fingers
steven furiously drives away and as he
does david repeatedly hits the exact
spot that steven touched on his chest
still furious stephen consults his
lawyer friend alex regarding what they
can do to keep david away from nicole
alex tells him that even though david
has a record everything could still
backfire
resolve to get rid of david stephen
tells alex that he's not just going to
sit around and do nothing about it so
alex says he'll make a few calls and see
what he can do
at home nicole confronts steven about
hitting david saying she just saw all
his bruises
this shocks steven and he denies hitting
him hard but nicole won't even let him
finish explaining
she calls her father a hypocrite and as
she leaves she tells him that he just
lost her respect
nicole then gets out of the house and as
steven follows her she gets into david's
car before they speed away
making him even madder david and nicole
make out in the car and for the first
time nicole tells david that she loves
him
after that david takes nicole back to
their house and asks her if she's sure
she doesn't want to come home with him
when nicole says she can't david leaves
but nicole changes her mind and drives
to david's house herself realizing that
there's a party nicole walks toward the
house
as she gets closer she sees margot and
logan in the window using coke
david then shows up and forces margot to
tell logan that she wants him and when
she does
david carries her over his shoulder
before giving her behind a little smack
afraid of what she just witnessed nicole
quickly drives back home
the following day nicole leaves an
apology note to her dad and when david
shows up at her school nicole causes a
scene and tells him to stay away from
her
gary comes to nicole's aid asking david
to let her go
later that day margot visits nicole and
nicole confronts her about what she saw
at the party
teary-eyed margot says david forced her
to do it but nicole doesn't believe her
she breaks off her friendship with
margot before slamming the door on her
face
margot begs nicole not to leave her
saying that she's her only friend but
nicole
only ignores her margot drives away and
david follows her demanding the
heartbroken girl to pull over
margot however ignores him and continues
driving but when she almost crashed into
another car she finally pulls over
david then hits her and asks what she
told nicole but margot insists that she
didn't tell her anything
david physically assaults margot and
demands her to fix their problem with
nicole
even threatening to hurt her if she
doesn't david then goes to nicole's
house and apologizes to stephen but he
isn't interested in his apology and
closes the door on him
when david gets home he carves nicole's
name on his chest showing his obsession
with her
the next day stephen finally fixes his
problem at work
meanwhile after seeing nicole with gary
david follows gary as he goes home then
kills him in the woods
back at steven's office steven finds his
car in the parking lot completely
wrecked with an insulting note from
david
he proceeds to borrow his co-worker's
car and tries calling laura and nicole
but when they don't answer he calls
margo to ask where david lives
at the mall david corners nicole inside
the bathroom he covers her mouth and
pins her against the wall
insisting that her father is just
jealous of them and that's why he's
breaking them apart
david adds that everybody wants what
they have but they can't let others take
it
when another woman comes into the
bathroom david kisses nicole goodbye
before leaving
finally reaching david's place stephen
breaks into his house and finds their
family photo in one of the boxes
david has replaced steven in the picture
with his own photo and steven also finds
nicole's undergarment and bracelet
and david's replaced the letters with
his name too enraged steven vandalizes
the house
david and his friends then arrive only
to find their home destroyed
when david realizes that steven's doing
they decide to go see him
in retaliation david and his gang head
to the walker's residence
intending to break into their house
meanwhile margot gets there first and
informs everyone that gary is dead and
that his body is found beaten to death
in the woods
outside david and his friends behead
kaiser the walker's family dog
and when toby calls out for him they
insert the dog's severed head inside the
dog door
david and laura try calling for help
through the phone and their security
system but nothing's working
despite the chaos laura assures them
that it's going to be okay no one can
get inside if they don't have the
security code
after all however nicole informs her dad
that david has it
steven rushes to the door and closes it
just as david is about to get inside
and through the people david taunts
stephen before demanding that he let him
in
thirsty for revenge david and his
friends make several attempts to get
inside
meanwhile stephen instructs nicole to
take margo and toby to her room and stay
with them
and laura to get the flashlight and turn
off every light in the house with a
drill one of the guys manages to break
the door's glass and when he is about to
open it steven hits his hands with a
fireplace poker
logan attempts to break the other door
open but laura and steven barricade it
with the refrigerator
upstairs nicole uses an umbrella to push
out the guy who's trying to get into her
room through her window
after seeing the light from the security
guard's office nicole starts using a
flashlight to send an sos to him
meanwhile laura picks up the hand drill
that david's friend dropped and uses it
on his other guy's hand to forward his
attempts at getting inside
david and his friends see the guard's
car coming and with david's help logan
tries to incapacitate him
they fail however and when stephen shows
up he tells the guard
larry betty's okay before punching logan
and david unfortunately david's friend
terry shoots and kills larry stephen
tries to get back inside the house but
logan stops and hits him
using steven as their hostage david and
his gang finally managed to get laura to
open the door
inside they cuff steven and laura while
toby gets out of the window and walks on
the roof
he then gets into his mother's car and
uses the car phone to call for help in
nicole's bedroom
logan breaks the door open and attempts
to force himself on nicole
margot helps her friend by jumping on
logan's back but logan overpowers her
and repeatedly hits her
in the garage toby manages to start the
engine of laura's car and run terry over
before calling 9-1-1 again
toby goes back inside the house where he
sees his mother gagged and bound
he heads back outside to retrieve the
keys for the handcuffs while upstairs
david shoots logan in the head for
attempting to force himself on nicole
he then tells nicole to say goodbye to
her father as he is about to shoot
stephen
nicole begs him not too while david gets
distracted talking to nicole
laura wakes margot and free stephen
giving him the opportunity to hit david
unfortunately david is too fast for him
and he manages to knock him down
as he's about to shoot stephen again
nicole stabs david in the back with a
peace pipe
david then tries to approach nicole but
stephen stops him plunging them into a
physical fight
despite his injuries david remains
strong and manages to overpower stephen
still with every bit of his strength
stephen finally manages to throw david
out the window to his death
with david finally out of their lives
nicole and the rest hug each other as
the cops and paramedics arrive
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching
[Music]